Add CWL description, bring other logging info up to date (#10192)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/log-files.md

There are three types of log files automatically produced by the client, which can be leveraged to assist in monitoring and troubleshooting Teams:

-   [Debug logs](#debug-logs)
    - [Continuous Debug/Web logs](#continuous-debug-logs)
-   [Media logs](#media-logs)
-   [Desktop logs](#desktop-logs)

This article describes these logs and how they are used. For information about troubleshooting specific issues, see: [Teams Troubleshooting](/MicrosoftTeams/troubleshoot/teams).

For information on collecting logs from Microsoft Teams Rooms devices, see [Download device logs](/microsoftteams/rooms/rooms-manage#download-device-logs).

For information about how to contact support, see [Get support](/microsoft-365/business-video/get-help-support).

> [!NOTE]

> > In this article, the term **Debug logs** (aka Web ) refers to the logs that are used for troubleshooting. However, the files that are generated for these logs will contain the term **diagnostic logs** in their names.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> In this article, the term **Debug logs** (also called Web logs) refers to the logs that are used for troubleshooting. However, the files that are generated for these logs will contain the term **diagnostic logs** in their names.
```

## Logs overview

It’s important to collect logs as soon as an issue occurs.

When creating a support request with Microsoft Support, the support engineer will require the debug logs. Having the debug logs on hand before creating the support request will allow Microsoft to quickly start troubleshooting the problem. **Media** or **Desktop** logs are only required if requested by Microsoft.

### Log collection

> Debug/Web, Desktop, and Media logs will be collected in one folder with the name _MSTeams Diagnostics Log \<local date and time\>_ which will be placed in your Downloads directory. This folder can be compressed and shared when you open a support request with Microsoft Support. The folder will contain folders for Desktop, Meeting (Media), and Debug (web).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Debug/Web, Desktop, and Media logs will be collected in one folder with the name _MSTeams Diagnostics Log \<local date and time\>_ which will be placed in your Downloads directory. This folder can be compressed and shared when you open a support request with Microsoft Support. The folder will contain folders for Desktop, Meeting (Media), and Debug (Web).
```

To collect logs for Windows:

>  - Click the Microsoft Teams icon in your system tray and select **Collect support files**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Select the Microsoft Teams icon in your system tray and then select **Collect support files**.
```

To collect logs for Mac:

>  - Click the Help menu in Microsoft Teams, and select **Collect support files**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Select the Help menu in Microsoft Teams and then select **Collect support files**.
```

To collect logs for Linux:

>  - Click on the Microsoft Teams icon in your system tray, and select **Get Logs**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Select the Microsoft Teams icon in your system tray and then select **Get Logs**.
```

You can also collect the files using the following keyboard shortcuts:
Windows and Linux: <kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>Alt</kbd> + <kbd>Shift</kbd> + <kbd>1</kbd>
Mac: <kbd>Option</kbd> + <kbd>Command</kbd> + <kbd>Shift</kbd> + <kbd>1</kbd>

If a problem occurs with a specific meeting or live event, it's helpful to have the URL associated with the meeting. The URL provides additional information to help pinpoint the exact meeting or live event in the logs. This information can be collected from any participant for a meeting or from presenter or producer for a live event. This URL can be captured by hovering over the join URL and choosing **Copy Hyperlink**.

> The following table outlines the various clients and their associated logs. Prior to being collected, log files are stored in the teams app folder with the folder's location being specific to the client and operating system: Windows: `%appdata%\Microsoft\Teams\`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table outlines the various clients and their associated logs. Prior to being collected, log files are stored in the Teams app folder with the folder's location being specific to the client and operating system.
- Windows: `%appdata%\Microsoft\Teams\`
```

> Mac: `~/Library/Application Support/Microsoft/Teams/`
> Linux: `~/.config/Microsoft/Microsoft Teams/`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Mac: `~/Library/Application Support/Microsoft/Teams/`
- Linux: `~/.config/Microsoft/Microsoft Teams/`
```

|Client   |Debug    | Continuous Debug|Desktop  |Media    |
|---------|---------|-----------------|---------|---------|
|Web      |X        |-                |-        |-        |
|Windows  |X        |X                |X        |X        |
|Mac OSX  |X        |X                |X        |X        |
|iOS      |-        |-                |-        |-        |
|Android  |-        |-                |-        |-        |

For a complete list of supported operating systems and browsers, see [Get clients for Microsoft Teams](get-clients.md).

## Debug logs

> Debug logs (also called Web logs) are produced by the Windows and Mac desktop clients, as well as by browser-based clients. The logs are text-based and are read from the bottom-up. They can be read using any text-based editor, and new logs are created when logging into the client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Debug logs (also called Web logs) are produced by the Windows and Mac desktop clients, as well as by browser-based clients. The logs are text-based and are read from the bottom up. They can be read using any text-based editor, and new logs are created when logging into the client.
```

Debug logs show the following data flows:
-   Login
-   Connection requests to middle-tier services
-   Call/conversation

## Continuous Debug logs

> Continuous Debug (aka Web) logging is a feature that helps capture log data by automatically transferring logs from memory to the file system in a continuous fashion. On average there will be a full day's worth of log data available when enabled. The logs are read from the top-down.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Continuous Debug logging (also called Web logging) is a feature that helps capture log data by automatically transferring logs from memory to the file system in a continuous fashion. On average there will be a full day's worth of log data available when enabled. The logs are read from the top down.
```

> Continuous Debug/Web logging is turned on by default on teams desktop for computers if your CPU is:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Continuous Debug/Web logging is turned on by default on Teams desktop for computers if your CPU is:
```

>  - Intel Core i3 and Core i5 (generation 10 or higher), Core i7 and Core i9 (any generation) excluding the following suffixes: U, Y, G1-G7, UE, UL, M, QM
> - Intel Xeon
> - AMD Ryzen 5, 7, 9 and TR series excluding U suffix

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Intel Core i3 and Core i5 (generation 10 or higher), Core i7 and Core i9 (any generation), excluding the following suffixes: U, Y, G1-G7, UE, UL, M, and QM
- Intel Xeon
- AMD Ryzen 5, 7, 9, and TR series, excluding the U suffix
```

- Apple Silicon

Otherwise, it is turned off by default.

### Admin Configuration
Managing Continuous Debug/Web logging for your end users provides a seamless troubleshooting experience, especially when issues are intermittent. Admins can use the TeamsMediaLoggingPolicy cmdlet to enable and manage Continuous Debug/Web logging for users.

> Read [Grant-CsTeamsMediaLoggingPolicy](/powershell/module/teams/grant-csteamsmedialoggingpolicy) for PowerShell cmdlets and more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [Grant-CsTeamsMediaLoggingPolicy](/powershell/module/teams/grant-csteamsmedialoggingpolicy) for PowerShell cmdlets and more information.
```
